{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13120\viewh11840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Roy Cohen Period 6\
\
40\
\
\
A.\
\
The Basis of the case was that Dred Scott claimed to be a free man after living in a slave free state for three years. He had waited for his current owner to die before suing the now widowed wife of his deceased  owner. This case would have gone much differently had Dred filed the case in a free state rather than wait until he was taken back to the south.\
\
B.\
\
Slaves were also ruled not people and defined as property meaning that the slave owners could do whatever they liked with them because the government can not restrict what they do with their property. Slaves now clearly being defined as non citizens or even people did not benefit from the rights that citizens enjoy. This includes fair trials and overall freedom.\
\
Dred scott was not set free because he had waited too long before filing the suit in the first place. This showed that he had no problem being a slave for that time seeing that he did not fight for his rights when in the free state. Although he was not given freedom the judge did mention that if Dred had tried to sue for his rights in a free state things would have gone much differently.\
\
Missouri compromise line was declared unconstitutional due to 5th amendment and the fact that a Citizen can do whatever they like with their property. This being said you could not restrict the what slave owners did with their property and where they could take it. This meant that now any slave owner from the south could bring their slaves with them if they moved even to states that banned slavery and it would still be legal. It essentially gave slave owners free reign to bypass the antislavery laws of the northern states.}